I thought it's on that again I think I'm
going mad Barra your father's gone at
some point we have to face up to who we
are who were meant to be I think I know
where my dad went that's right in the
middle of the devil sea it would be an
adventure
death is an adventure what are you doing
here Laura seven years I've been on a
silent your father they put me here
[Music]
now I see the lightness intelligence so
recklessness
what do you know about my father Laura
there was more to my life than
boardrooms and business deals there's an
organization called Trinity it's going
to start a global genocide you dad Jim
you had a bigger holiday got a knack for
the unexpected
you must stop the Lera
promise me
[Music]
ladies first
open the dude
[Music]
down your finger that's pulling this
trigger you messed with the wrong family
[Music]
[Applause]
you